chore: add changelog entry for substrate balances fix (#6605)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

Changelog
=========

> * :bug:`-` Fix an issue where substrate balances are not showing correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :bug:`-` Substrate balances in the blockchain&accounts view will now display correctly
```
